hey guys sup not here today my food plot
I'm just checking it out you know it's
growing up quite nicely the breast
doctor ryegrass I mean I could see some
in the breast this I think it's artists
Claude don't get me wrong this is wrong
because probably is wrong and there's
some clothes at Clover pumping up um I
was like I'm see now actually people are
born to destroy beans about behalf can
see that priest outing video that I went
out last night and I was pre scouting
and I saw some nice size bucks
nice bucks and I saw a couple does and I
saw a couple falling but anyway today
I'm doing a review on the promote up
work I'm getting ready for deer season
and guys I'm pumped
as long as I know great deer hunter he's
pumped just putting pre sounding videos
we're not sounding these but do you
think uh preparation weeks each week put
a new video on check if not you don't
know who he is I'm also the Hawaii Bone
Collector he's doing some good videos I
know everybody hampers she's ready
everybody all my friend like all my
friends and they're ready they're
getting ready to get loose even here in
Ohio the bow season starts and set at
September 24th that's the day of bow
season and if isset areas school day I'm
taking that day off because I'm getting
good I get good enough grades in school
where I don't care I'm taking the day
off that's like a whole week off to go
beginning turkey hunting that's my dad
we went camping now that place we went
hunting and it was fun teachers didn't
like it they kind of like harassed me
rocking back but I disagree
what do they know they don't know
anything anyways so I'm here today
making that yeah three months up for
this is the call I got 11 bucks about
this that one right bro
seven dollars um I looked on internet
the famous channel or the Primo website
and they had it for 25 bucks I mean this
was a great deal as soon as I saw I knew
this was a great deal so um I'm picked
this thing up as quick as I could and
there was only three left I got at
Walmart best place to do looking your
stuff not really but I found this now
shocked if I know a couple people have
this call at Boyd Bone Collector and I
think the great deer hunter
I saw the in Gus's movies or your videos
and I saw and that's what took me to get
in this coat I knew it was a great call
so anyways this call has three different
types this cost three calls in one about
changing an eery that's three calls the
first call is the aggressive this is the
buck current that a book for make in the
woods on the next one is an extra extra
scrap Lester's bleeped I should say this
is the thing that don't make Smith and
he you know it's ready to make the last
call is a smart wheeze
so all three calls are really nice cause
uh so this is what they aggressive got
sounds like that's the noise a buckle
make when it's following a dope that's
kind of faster and when it's falling I
don't hate that's more they'll make so
it was kind of fast and it's it's kind
of like I'm not hard to explain it's
just farm right that's a chase of this
dough and this is what it's whatever
buck towards this little sound like go
be a little bit slower but it's kind of
a same thing
okay so there's that and also the next
call I'm going to do is they extra sweet
this is the call that once again no
makes more than heat so if it's a pretty
good call it's a little bit louder so we
see a buff on the other side of the
woods like the all the way across field
and it can't hear this grunt use this
wheeze or use the best receipt you use
this and then after use it do good
aggressive drunk so it sound like a fox
following that doe in heat and then that
buck across something like that so
anyways the last calm here to show you
is the wheeze call this call you can
make with your hand you don't want even
to use this but some people like to use
a call some people can use a hand just
all preference this with this context
and they say you can buzz your lips for
the kiddos call come to the DVD in the
DVD says that you can buzz your lips to
make it sound like it's coming out of
the nose and I tried it and it's kind of
hard so I'll try it again
see what I can do it's getting hard I
can't do it so I've tried an unboxing on
it so I might get better so anyways
that's the car and then that's the
pretty much uproar this call comes with
a elastic band to put on your arm and I
think it goes like this
I mean I'm not going so I don't know I
think that they should have made this
little mug so good like this on your
hands and go like this like this and
bring it straight up I don't know but
anyway that's called best review from
the day that makes can subpoenas up
where you don't have one highly
recommended this is a great call so
thanks for watching as always comment
rate and subscribe
you